.TH XCA 1
.SH NAME
xca \- A GUI for handling X509 certificates, RSA keys, PKCS#10 Requests and CRLs.
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B xca
.RI [ -v ]
.RI [ -k ]
.RI [ -r ]
.RI [ -c ]
.RI [ -p ]
.RI [ -7 ]
.RI [ -l ]
.RI [ -t ]
.RI [ -d ]
.RI [ -b ]
.RI [ -x ]
.br
.SH "DESCRIPTION"
This application is intended as CA, certificate- and Key store. It uses a Berkeley db for storage to have everything in one file.
Supported are Certificate signing requests (PKCS#10), Certificates (X509v3), RSA keys and Certificate revokation lists.
The signing of requests, and the creation of selfsigned certificates
is supported. Both can use templates for simplicity.
The PKI structures can be imported and exported in several formats
like PKCS#12, PEM, DER, PKCS#8, PKCS#7.
      
.SH OPTIONS
A summary of options are included below.
.TP
.B \-v 
Show version information and exit.
.TP
.B \-r
expect all following non-option arguments to be Certificate signing requests
or SPKAC requests.
.TP
.B \-k
expect all following non-option arguments to be RSA keys.
.TP
.B \-c
expect all following non-option arguments to be Certificates.
.TP
.B \-p
expect all following non-option arguments to be PKCS#12 files.
.TP
.B \-7
expect all following non-option arguments to be PKCS#7 files.
.TP
.B \-l
expect all following non-option arguments to be Revokation lists.
.TP
.B \-t
expect all following non-option arguments to be XCA templates.
.TP
.B \-d
expect the following argument to be the database name to use.
.TP
.B \-b
expect the following argument to be the basedirectory for the database(s) OIDs and database logs.
.TP
.B \-x
Exit after processing all commandline options. 
Usually after importing the items in 
.I -k -r -c -p -7 -l -t
the application will startup as usual. With the 
.I -x
option given it will exit after finishing the import dialog. This is usefull if xca is used as default application for viewing certificates, keys or requests.

.SH SEE ALSO
A more detailed HTML documentation can be found in the doc directory, in the "Help" menu of the application or on http://xca.sf.net

.SH AUTHOR
This manual page was written by Christian Hohnstaedt <christian@hohnstaedt.de>
